In this video you're going to learn how to remove spam traffic from your Google Analytics reports.
So as you were looking at your acquisition reports you may see that especially in the referrals section
a report you might notice some Web sites that are look a bit strange that are sending you high volumes
of traffic but that their balance rates are extremely high.
They're not engaging with the site at all.
The names are usually a telltale sign if they're spam sites or not.
Well you can always just do a quick search in google if you're not sure and type in the domain name
and then spam and you can really check if other people have reported it as a spam's site really want
your Google Analytics data to be as accurate as possible and is useful.
So if there's a site that's contributing a lot of traffic that's really altering your numbers and giving
an inaccurate view of how many visitors and real visitors are actually coming to the site.
That is really the reason that you'd want to remove at the this spam traffic from your reports.
So to do that you want to come up to your admin section.
And again you're going to put in a filter to really remove this traffic from your side so we can click
out a filter.
We can give it the name.
Remove spam traffic
or we can set it as a custom filter.
We can then set the filter field to campaign source and then we can put in the name of the spam site
there.
Then we can just go ahead and click we can actually verify this filter which in this case wouldn't because
this is just a aside I made up.
But then to really save the filter you can just click save.
One thing to note is that this filter to filter spam traffic and any filter on Google Analytics does
not apply retroactively meaning it won't be removed from your reports up to date but any reports going
forward that traffic will be filtered out of it.
So usually it's good to maybe leave it a day or two and then come back and make sure that for those
last two days that they're at that site isn't showing up as any referral traffic.
So never you know had to remove spam traffic from your Google Analytics reports come into the admin
section an OD a filter to remove your spam traffic following the steps they've learned in this video.